This challenge is similar to the last in the sense that all it requires is the reordering of the plain-text characters. It is not quite as straight-forward, however, as the for loops that iterate through the passed password variable do not do so in a friendly way. It is important to have either a pen and paper or a separate tab open to step through this challenge as writing the characters being added to the array is the easiest way to visualize the flag as it is being built.

Towards the beginning of the method, a new char array is created with a length that is equal to the compared string at the end. The string being created and compared to the string literal at the end of the method will use the same characters, but the characters will be in a different order. In the first for loop, the first 8 characters of the string are added to the first 8 indices of the new char array, in order. Write down the first 8 characters from the string literal at the end of the method as they will be the first 8 characters of the flag. The second for loop starts with i being set to 8 from the previous loop. While iterating normally through the array (going up by 1 index for every iteration), the character the char array is being assigned from the string literal is starting from the 15th index and going down to the 8th index. This is essentially adding the next 8 characters to the array in reverse order. Similar to the last loop, write out the characters from index 8 to 15 in the string literal in reverse after the first 8 that have already been written down. In the third for loop, i is set to 16 from the end condition in the previous loop. Instead of continuing to increment by 1 through the array’s indices, this loop will step through the indices by 2, filling in the remaining even indices (from 16 to 30) within the array with the characters at the [ 46 - i ] index in the string. Finally, in the last for loop, the remaining odd indices are filled in by iterating from 31 to 17. This loop is simpler than the last as the characters being added at each index in the array are the characters at the same index within the starting string.

After performing all of the above operations on the string given at the end of the method, the flag has been built.
